I think a lot of people would just be
disappointed that we got first
did you like really like clutch like you
guys lost of these guys joined right now
by Apollo and week 8 for another blitz
eSports interview just kidding it's
raining so we're inside and it looks a
little bit like a blitz eSports
interview but actually covers are
presented by Omni slash got that in
there in the beginning
Apollo clutch continues to be on this
like upward path and yet I I'm gonna be
blunt here it feels like a lot of people
don't care like a lot of people are not
talking about clutch it's really weird
like you guys are are maybe the least
popular third place team in history
which I don't mean is like a slight but
it's like a weird situation that like no
like more people are talking about
hundreds but they're like way behind you
why do you think that is I actually
don't know but I do agree like I totally
agree it's just it's a little weird it's
like you kind of see you think of the
top teams you like yeah team liquid echo
fox c9 and oh man 100 thieves are
looking good seal if you're looking good
yeah so it is a little weird I think it
mainly it has to do with us only beating
this the lower tier teams so when we do
get a win it's like oh yeah they were
supposed to beat them so it's like it's
totally fine but so this was the only
win I think that we've gone that we beat
a top team so far well I guess I mean
you can't really count TSM right cuz
they're a lower tier team too so yeah
this is like our first win against like
a top team so I I guess that's the
reason why maybe it has to do with just
like fan bases but I do think it's
because we didn't beat any other top
teams yet except for now yeah and you
just be echo fox yes and actually in a
match that looks like echo fox was going
to win the majority of it that's how it
felt as a spectator I don't know if you
felt that way what you know in the game
I think it was relatively even I think
the team comps have their strengths and
weaknesses we were a little bit heavy
like we had like a better scaling team
comp so when he was around the mid game
they like we didn't want to pick fights
with them because they felt we felt like
they were stronger and I do you think
that they had they had the position to
win the game but we made a really good
van call
that's pending which were like kind of
stabilized and then after that I think
we did a really good job of keeping
ourselves in the game and then team
fighting now what do you think that
clutch like obviously the rankings show
this but the rankings are over the
course of an eight week period so far do
you think that clutch is currently the
third best team in the league hmm I
think so yeah I think especially after
the win Beca Fox I do think that we can
compete you know like where we are good
enough obviously we're not like I don't
believe that we can I don't think it's
like hundred percent certain yet but we
have the chance to do really well in
playoffs I think we're really
competitive maybe in best of fives is
gonna be different or best of threes
it's gonna be different but for now I
think we're doing a really good job of
improving and fix focusing on mistakes
like it just feels like we're improving
faster than other teams that's why I'm
really confident we can do well against
all I can do well in playoffs yeah okay
I said listed as somebody the other day
and I and again I don't mean this as a
slight against you but like it is a
crazy thought there's a pretty good
chance that like you guys end up
representing North America at MSI right
like you're the third best team in the
league right now according to the
standings you've shown that you can beat
like echo fox who you know it's who
knows yet how you guys will perform and
best of five is but like there's a
pretty good chance that that could
happen are you thinking about that
actively I'm not I think a lot of people
would just be disappointed that we got
maybe like really like clutch like you
guys lost of these guys I think it'd be
really disappointing for fans but I hope
they don't think that way when it
actually happens and yeah I mean I guess
it just kind of shows how competitive
North America is right now there's just
so many I mean all the rosters changed
you know some people kind of had the
belief that
echovox was gonna be number one so isn't
it wasn't as surprising just because how
good the roster looked but I mean yeah
it's just like all these rosters are so
competitive and you see people fighting
for playoffs right now it's like CLG TSM
like those guys usually see on the top
but right now they're like kind of
struggling to get into playoffs which is
really I mean it's cool but obviously
sucks for them yeah I mean do you how do
you feel about the teams that are
beneath you like why
a why I'm sorry let me reframe us what
is allowing clutch to be in third place
because a lot of people look at echo Fox
and I'm like oh who knees so good like
look at what he's able to pull off with
our talk and cloud nine people are like
me and like we really underrated
licorice and like the rest of their
roster so good and obviously they have
the stability of having been around for
so long what is it that is giving clutch
the edge in allowing you to perform so
well in terms of getting to playoffs the
thing you just had to do with
consistency like I said we never lost a
lower tier team so we focused on every
match just the same as every other match
so that helped us get into playoffs
specifically being like putting
ourselves as a top team is obviously
like it's still kind of it's not like
certain that we're you know like the
best or like top three or yeah it's not
certain that we're the best but I do
think that we are better than all the
other teams below us because we proved
it twice so yeah I mean they just had to
do the consistency and we you know yeah
I think it's just being consistent
compared to like even the top teams
right like c9 and echo fox I think they
lost two teams that like they shouldn't
have lost you essentially right and TSM
kind of do the same thing where they
lost a team of teams that they weren't
supposed to and then look where they are
now yeah
who who do you guys have left in your
split have you already played go along
guardians choice so we have Team Liquid
and then tomorrow and then hundred
thieves and okay so the reason I brought
this up because you have a strain
remember if you had going Guardians so
are you worried about them at all
because lately they've been taking they
win and lose one every week and they
kind of feel like the what is it the
turtle shell the blue turtle shell yeah
so is there you guys have been able to
consistently defend against like all
these lower tier teams are you concerned
that these guys could like come through
and upset it so what we think is if the
match matters for us like if that win
matters worst UGS we already lost the
game because Gigi like they're just
gonna be this but if it doesn't matter
then we'll win wait what why because I
mean it's like they're just you know
they just have that ability to take the
now yeah that's all there the tea that's
just there like fuck with all the other
two they're not actually in it to make
playoffs they're just fucking with
people alright guys it's not about
winning it's about ruining other
people's days okay that's good that's a
good understanding I appreciate that all
right
Apollo again like not as many people
care about clutch right now if you were
to do something what can you do in this
interview to like make people root for
you guys like this is an open platform
right like it's gonna go on my youtube
channel so many people watch my youtube
channel and so many people have
subscribed and the people that haven't
are just lesser human being so what what
would you write now you've got the
opportunity what would you say I mean
you know make sure to comment on this
video as well and to like and subscribe
to the YouTube channel and even our
YouTube channel you know clutch gaming
official I think and if we keep winning
I think people will start liking us more
cuz that's just kind of the way it works
that's been your strategy so far and
again like maybe the least popular third
place team in history so you just you
just told me we're safe to go that if
you get first place everyone's gonna be
disappointed so well so I'm not you're
kind of contradicting yourself a little
bit I was asking for them to change that
I think right now before they watch the
video they'll be disappointed but after
they watch this video this interview
then they'll be more inclined to not be
disappointed that clutch it will be at
MSI okay very good
I don't know if you gave an answer there
I think you were just like well this
video will somehow make them change
their mind that's all right I believe a
lot in my videos I don't know if this
one it's gonna do that for you guys is
there anything you want to say to any of
the fans out there yeah it's just like I
thank you or anything like any like a
shot okay if you got nothing I'll just
wrap it thanks guys
you check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel hey so
Travis doesn't check any of these he
just uploads whatever I put in a folder
for him so I figured now is probably a
good time to plug my my Twitter my
Instagram once again how to spell BR o
di n p le TT bread and plat pretty easy
to find me I'm pretty sure I'm the only
one yeah mr. Condon's brought to you by
how many slash